Add ztf hats (#421)
nasa-fornax/fornax-demo-notebooks: light_curves/light_curve_generator.md

```

### 2.4 MAST: Pan-STARRS

> The function to retrieve lightcurves from Pan-STARRS uses a version of both the object and light curve catalogs that are stored in the cloud and accessed using [LSDB](https://docs.lsdb.io/en/stable/).  This function is efficient at large scale (sample sizes > ~1000).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function to retrieve lightcurves from Pan-STARRS uses [LSDB](https://docs.lsdb.io/) to access versions of the object and light curve catalogs that are stored in the cloud.  This function is efficient at large scale (sample sizes > ~1000).
```

Languaging and url suggestion similar to above.

```{code-cell} ipython3
# number of workers to use in the parallel processing pool

> # this should equal the total number of archives called

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# this should equal the total number of archives called in the `pool` context below.
```
